[Music]
Hello family, how are you? I hope
you're having a wonderful day, and
nothing like I was saying here at home, with all
the nonsense, we started this week
almost in Ecuador because with all the
nonsense, with all the nonsense, it's
Wednesday and there are people who think
that today is Monday, I mean, how many of
you have come to work today with
the feeling and the sensation that it
's Monday, well it's not
Wednesday, today is the day of
gossip headlines, then
we'll talk about them. I don't think I'm going to do a
live show today, I'm going to hold back a
little more and I'm going to be
careful with my health, okay. Today I
woke up a little under the weather, I'm also still
taking the antibiotic, I'm still not
100%. Although yesterday I did do
a live show for the kids, the thing is that
later at
night, maybe I'll also want to do
another one. I want to record a video, I want to be up
to date with the news and tomorrow we have
the Thursday talk show. Tomorrow, yes,
we have the Thursday talk show. Tomorrow,
tomorrow we have Julián Contreras
as a collaborator, Paco de  Narváez to life
Speaking clearly he hasn't
confirmed to me yet But I imagine so and not to my
friend in front then I'm going to
reserve today and I'm going to be recording
videos I'm going to be giving you the news
if something important comes up I'll connect for a
while directly but then more at
night or whatever I'll see okay
But what I am going to ask you before
telling you otherwise tell This video
Is that you click as always on the
subscribe button it's incredible how much
we're growing in this channel I already
said it a few days ago I'm trying to
give it a lot of stick and that all the channels
have something to go forward but this is
becoming a very special channel
for me with a lot of love we are
forming a very healthy community here
we are forming one here well we are
very gossipy not everything but it is
almost becoming my main channel
and I like it a lot I will be very
excited when we reach 100,000
subscribers let's see if we achieve it and they
give me the third plaque my third
silver plaque of 100,000 subscribers Well
an outrage one  atrocity what we are
going to comment on in this video eh I mean
but a barbarity ladies that well it's not that it's
going to catch you by surprise nor that you're
going to get your hands
on your head because things have to be
taken from who they come from and coming from the
character that we are going to talk about that we are going to
talk about Kiko Hernández nor that we are
going to be very shocked with what has
happened But well I'll tell you It turns out that
Anabel Pantoja you already know that
of the collaborators of
sálvame the one who handles the subject of
social networks the most in fact we have talked about it many times that
she does not have the
need to be exposing herself to these
programs and suffer what happens many
times there with the money that she earns on
Instagram that she surely earns many
months on Instagram more than the programs
Why Because let's see I am a youtuber I
have many youtuber friends and I have
many
influencer friends and I know what she earns let's see if it
's true that she coming from
television for each one has to take into
account their roots also it is
never right to completely abandon where
you come from  okay so your roots let's
say It's like if I suddenly go
to the radio and abandon YouTube when
people know me from YouTube and
follow me on YouTube and suddenly I leave them
in the end the rest of
my social networks go a bit hand in hand
surely you follow me you follow me
on Instagram and on Twitter and
everywhere but you follow me because you see me on
YouTube and you are also interested in seeing what I
upload on Instagram and those things no
but if she abandons it's what well
if she also abandons television
completely she can never No because if she
abandons that world in the end
what her
Instagram account is worth will also decline I mean she can
defend herself and all that but but she can't
completely detach herself from who she is
because in the end each one has this is what I
say that Kiko Rivera thinks he
can dedicate himself to being a streamer like ibai
and no my son you have to dedicate himself to
gossip Well it turns out that Anabel is
doing a collaboration with a brand me
from the images that I see and the type
of articles that are Because they talk about
clothing articles  household goods ornaments
Oh I don't remember what the other thing was but they
talk about clothing household goods I don't
know if some footwear too and on
Gran Via a supermarket a shopping center is
super big and Super well known on Gran
Via and with these articles I don't know what For
me it's Primark I was there the other day
Precisely in the Primark on
Gran Via and it doesn't ring a bell I mean there are
many huge stores on Gran
Via Yes but for me the most popular
is Primark but well since they don't want to
mention it and they don't give a name then we can't
confirm that it's that one but let's face it it would make
sense to me Because also the
Witnesses that have been brought say that it
wasn't at a cheap price I don't know what
Primark makes sense to me anyway Anabel
does a promo and many times when you
do promotions with the brands there are
times that they pay you With money and there are
times with product that's already the agreement that
you reach Hey Well take it, well we
pay you 500 euros because you mention me
on Instagram Hey well look you come
take this suitcase you fill it  suitcase of
article and you take it in exchange for the
promo no Then it seems that what
the famous people who
promote there and who do the promo normally take no
Well maybe take some bags no
taking a suitcase that is about 400
500 euros not of value the items that are
taken no then here with Hernandez
approaches your interested Anabel Pantoja
Notice that she always puts it green and
hand but she approaches navel pot
Get me the promo I don't know what I'll
return the favor and Anabel
gets it for her
and after having asked him not to leave her in a bad light
with the brand which the only thing she asks
is not to leave her in a bad light with the brand Total
that yes he has left it fatal
apparently Kiko Hernandez made a
shameful spectacle there the guy did
fulfill the part of promoting the
brand and so on but apparently the guy
stood there According to the Witnesses say
as if there was no tomorrow with some
anxiety He took two or three suitcases
full of things about 10 bags it is said to
be 3,600 euros of  value in article that
the cheeky guy took okay they called his
attention they gave him a couple of notices Hey
please and that the people who were there
were freaking out with the attitude that
the guy had or rather it was as if
we had no tomorrow okay It says it here in
the headline of Sálvame I was out of Yes
what a shame what a shame on top of that
some colleagues from Sálvame saying
oh but Kiko What need does he have to be
embarrassed and put on a
show for 3,600 euros with the
rich people that I don't know that I don't know how much that it's
like Excuse me or I mean look at
this man this man has always
had a reputation for being tight-fisted
but look at this publication in the world
that I found that the good world is
supposed to be a prestigious media outlet
no Also Maybe not for
Sálvame because they were the first to
take it out if I'm not mistaken after the
youtubers they were the first to take it out in
such a big
and well-known media outlet about the light operation no
the Sálvame collaborator Kiko Hernández
sentenced to six months in prison This
was in the  2015 because apparently he
had a real estate company a while ago
and someone, a client,
showed him an apartment first with 2,000 euros and
10 days later with 12,000
and the guy Well, he didn't return the money
okay And apparently, well, he tried to do it, well,
crazy attempts, he never returned the
money to the client and the time he was
sentenced okay he was sentenced
to see the sentence let's see the sentence
was in the it was the six months in
prison that obviously you don't go to
jail okay look at the sentence of the
criminal court has just been
confirmed by the provincial court
of Madrid regarding the commission of the
crime by the
Sálvame collaborator and the arguments of the judge the
court has reduced
the prison sentence imposed on Kiko
Hernández by four months which is set which is
set at six months in prison for the
periods in which the procedure was
paralyzed So it would be 10 not in
principle the sentence what I don't see here is
that he had to pay anything I imagine that
maybe they would sentence him to
return the  money or something but come on
man, I mean a lot of money that at the time I could
n't afford because I was in debt or
whatever but damn the moment
you're famous you go ahead and pay it off. But anyway,
basically these are things of the past,
not that people make mistakes, no, the
important thing is not to make them again but
man, you're a little like
that with the money in your fist,
okay, so shame on you family, I'll
be reading the comments box, I
send you a huge hug and until the
next video
[Music]